feat(dynamo): add NVIDIA Dynamo (SGLang) LLM inference test case on HyperPod EKS (#1155)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/pytorch/nvidia-dynamo/OBSERVABILITY.md

| `histogram_quantile(0.50, rate(dynamo_frontend_inter_token_latency_seconds_bucket[5m]))` | ITL/TPOT p50 |
| `histogram_quantile(0.50, rate(dynamo_frontend_request_duration_seconds_bucket[5m]))` | Request duration p50 |

### Available Metrics

The Dynamo frontend exposes these metric families:

| Metric | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `dynamo_frontend_inflight_requests` | Gauge | Number of in-flight requests |
| `dynamo_frontend_disconnected_clients` | Gauge | Disconnected client count |
| `dynamo_frontend_input_sequence_tokens` | Histogram | Input sequence length distribution |
| `dynamo_frontend_output_sequence_tokens` | Histogram | Output sequence length distribution |
| `dynamo_frontend_time_to_first_token_seconds` | Histogram | TTFT distribution |
| `dynamo_frontend_inter_token_latency_seconds` | Histogram | Inter-token latency (TPOT) distribution |
| `dynamo_frontend_request_duration_seconds` | Histogram | Total request duration distribution |

### Tips

- Use `rate(...[5m])` for counters and histograms to see per-second rates
- Use `histogram_quantile(0.50, ...)` for p50, `0.99` for p99
- Filter by model: add `{model="openai/gpt-oss-20b"}` to any query

> - Run a benchmark (`./scripts/05a-test-benchmark.sh`) to generate traffic and see metrics in action

Reviewer: ### Points at a script that doesn't exist

**Observation:** There is no `05a-test-benchmark.sh` — the benchmark script is `08-benchmark.sh`. (This is the only dangling script reference; every other doc/script path resolves.)
**Impact (should-fix):** Dead reference on the documented observability path.

```suggestion
- Run a benchmark (`./scripts/08-benchmark.sh <scenario>`) to generate traffic and see metrics in action
```
